---
title: Angewandte Festival 2024
description: ""
slider: [{image: "./tavolata.png", caption: ""}]
color: "orange"
---

## TAVOLATA. On standing out and fitting in
26.06. – 29.06.2024

In the contemporary era, the acknowledgment and appreciation of diversity are widely embraced, yet adhering to societal norms might be perceived as an onerous obligation. In contrast, inclusion represents the act of embracing and understanding others. The Digital Art Table engages in conversations about how to negotiate cultural norms while maintaining our uniqueness. We skillfully balance the act of conforming to social expectations while still expressing our individuality. The round table, an enduring emblem of egalitarianism, fosters discourse and cooperation. Every artwork here holds significance and leads to innovative solutions and a more profound comprehension. You are cordially invited to experience the fusion of artistic expression, culinary delights, and emotional ambiance. The Digital Art Table is available daily starting at 1 p.m. Every day during the festival's operating hours, as well as at different sites within the Angewandte. WELCOME, HAVE YOU MADE A TABLE RESERVATION?

# Collaborative projects
Ferdinand Doblhammer, Hartwin Haselbauer, Lea Karnutsch, Moritz Wunderwald, Thomas Felder, Martina Fröschl, Michael Bachhofer, Nicolaj Kirisits, Mel E. Logan, Sara De Santis, Emanuel Andel, Marie-Claude Poulin, and Patrícia J. Reis.

# Artworks
Mahdi Bakhshi with Golara Ghofrani, Yazdan Asadi & Reihaneh Kosari Mehr, Margo Dubovska, Element Lee, Isidor Forster, Lea Gander, Aisel Gulieva, Franci Kas, Zita Kayser, Kiarer Kristler, David Obradović, Alena Prinz, Rage, Matthias Sanoll, the Futile Corporation, and Moritz Wunderwald.

# Locations
Public space at Georg-Coch-Platz<br/>
Tiefparterre, SR35<br/>
EG, Kassenhalle<br/>
Hochparterre: APL<br/>
1. OG, Department of Digitale Kunst

# Opening Hours for artworks
daily 11.00 – 21.00

<br/>
<br/>
